| COMP3888\_T13A\_GROUP5 | 27th SEPTEMBER 2020 |
| --- | --- |
|
 |
 |

_ **Subject:** _ Client Progress Update + Assigning New Tasks

_ **Project Name:** _ CP31

_ **Facilitator:** _ Tutor + Client + Team

_ **Prepared by:** _Team

_ **Mode:** _ Online Zoom chat

_ **Date:** _ Tuesday 29th September

_ **Time:** _ 1:00pm - 2:00pm (Tutor),6:45 - 7:00 (Client)

_ **Attendees:** _Johnny, Osama, Keenan, Oscar, Tamara, Chengdong, Cian, Waheeb

_ **Absent:** _None

_[__ **Agenda item –** _ _the topic to be discussed during the meeting_

_ **Description/comments** _ _– brief explanation/justification of agenda item, sub topics to be discussed or list of things discussed as part of the agenda item_

_ **Decision/Action:** _ _decision made, or action taken regarding agenda item e.g. Due dates, redo work, proof and submit, contact client for clarification, discuss with team, discuss with tutor, no action required_

_ **Who** _ _– team member responsible for action or outcome(s) associated with decision made regarding agenda item_

_ **Items for escalation** _ _– any issues that needs to be raised with the team manager, tutor or client]_

| # | Agenda Item | Description/ Comments | Decision/Action | Who? | Items for escalation |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | What has been completed? | - Getting the OpenCv code working in the simulator. - Getting the car to react to different signs within the simulator.- Improved turning sign code&#39;s accuracy significantly.- Simulator config reading &amp; changing properties in scene without rebuilding entire project | Keenan and Osama will work together on the integration aspect | Keenan and Osama | N/A |
| 2 | What is in progress? | Integrating new detection code into the simulator.Completing the report and presentation. | Team | Team | n/a |
| 3 | What is working well? | OpenCv detection code.OpenCv code works in the simulator.Donkey Car is able to respond to signs within the simulator.| Team members will continue working on their areas. | Team | n/a |
| 4 | What needs improvement? | - Lighting in the track scenes.- Integrating new detection code into the simulator. | Everyone will refine the areas that they worked on previously | Team | n/a |
| 5 | Reminders | - Implement and work on more tests- Albert Park needs to be created | We will focus more of our work this week on testing. | Team | n/a |
| 6 | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | - Group Report - Getting improved detection code (SIFT) working in simulator | - Team members will continue to add to the group report individually before all information is summarised.- changing resolutions will be attempted to get the SIFT code working | Team | n/a |
| … | ….. |
 |
 |
 |
 |

|
 |
 |
| --- | --- |
| COMP3888\_T13A\_GROUP5 | 27SEPTEMBER 2020 | 0 |