**Subject:** Team meeting 1

**Project Name:** CP31 Sign Detection using Computer Vision

**Facilitator:** Team members

**Prepared by:** Team members

**Mode:** Zoom online chat

**Date:** Friday, 04 September

**Time:** 5:30PM - 6:00PM

**Attendees:** Keenan, Johnny, Osama, Oscar, Chengdong

**Absent:** Tamara

| **#** | **Agenda Item** | **Description/ Comments** | **Decision/Action** | **Who?** | **Items for escalation** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **1** | What has been completed? | The meeting minutes of the client meeting was completed, and uploaded to the Bitbucket wiki.The group contracts were completed.| Discussion with the team | Team | None |
| **2** | What is in progress? | Improved solution for OpenCV code.Traffic sign modelling.Track design. | Tasks were divided amongst team members | Osama | Client: how do we go about managing Unity assets? |
| **3** | What is working well? | Unity tracks and models | Discussion with the team members who are experienced with Unity | Unity team | None |
| **4** | What needs improvement? | More research needs to be done into understanding the software we use in the project. The code from the OpenCV zip files we were given needs to be understood and improved. | Team members will do further research into the software and into the OpenCV files to improve understanding. | Team | None |
| **5** | Reminders | Ask the client about the importance of Jupyter notebooks as deliverables.Discuss with the client the best way to share Unity assets. | Message client on Discord | Osama | Importance of Jupyter notebooks and preferred method of sharing Unity assets. |
| **6** | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | Unity track deliverables given by the client (implementing two new tracks in Unity) | Johnny and Keenan have been assigned to complete these tasks | Johnny and Keenan | Keenan wants to discuss the dimensions of the tracks with client |
| … | ….. | | | | |