_ **Subject: Week 12 Client meeting** _

_ **Project Name: CP31 Sign Detection using Computer Vision** _

_ **Facilitator: Team members** _

_ **Prepared by: Team members** _

_ **Mode: Zoom online chat** _

_ **Date: Tuesday, 17th November** _

_ **Time: 2:30-2:40** _

_**Attendees: Keenan, Johnny, Oscar, Tamara, Chengdong, Osama, Tutor (Waheeb)**_

_ **Absent:** _

_**[Agenda item – the topic to be discussed during the meeting**_

_ **Description/comments – brief explanation/justification of agenda item, sub topics to be discussed or list of things discussed as part of the agenda item** _

_ **Decision/Action: decision made, or action taken regarding agenda item e.g. Due dates, redo work, proof and submit, contact client for clarification, discuss with team, discuss with tutor, no action required** _

_**Who – team member responsible for action or outcome(s) associated with decision made regarding agenda item**_

_**Items for escalation – any issues that needs to be raised with the team manager, tutor or client]**_

| _ **#** _ | _ **Agenda Item** _ | _ **Description/ Comments** _ | _ **Decision/Action** _ | _ **Who?** _ | _ **Items for escalation** _ |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| _ **1** _ | _What has been completed?_ | _Portugal track has been implemented in the sim_ | _._ | _._ | _._ |
| . | _._ | _Parking sign action implemented in the simulator_ | _._ | _Keenan_ | _._ |
| . | _._ | _Updated Stopsign code implemented in simulator_ | _._ | _Oscar_ | _._ |
| _ **2** _ | _What is in progress?_ | _New arrow turning code need testing in simulator, then pr_ | _Test code in simulator._ | _Osama, Chengdong, Tamara, Oscar._ | _._ |
| . | _._ | _New Car (RB16) Model_ | _DOOOO IT_ | _Johnny_ | _._ |
| . | _._ | _Preparing for client deployment and presentation_ | _._ | _Team_ | _._ |
| _ **3** _ | _What is working well?_ | _._ | _._ | _._ | _._ |
| . | _._ | _Second round of Park+Turn signs w/ Different strategies for sign detection_ | _._ | _Team_ | _._ |
| . | _._ | Improve Issue Tracking and Pull Requests | Spreadsheet with Issues | _._ | _._ |
| _ **5** _ | _Reminders_ | _._ | _._ | _._ | _._ |
| . | _._ | _For the next group report, remember to follow the Canvas guidelines_ | _Add project stakeholders Add page number. Explain the system architecture diagram. Follow Requirements and Structure on Canvas. Add design decisions for models/tracks in (System Specs and Design)_ | _Team_ | _None_ |
| | | _Prepare for Client Deployment_ | _Fill out deployment documentation, record videos documenting things we did_ |
 |
 |
| … | …_.._ | | | | |