| COMP3888 GROUP CONTRACT WEEK 6 - 12 | 29 SEPTEMBER 2020 |
| --- | --- |
|
 |
 |

1) **Group Name:** COMP3888\_T13A\_GROUP5

2) **Team Members**


| | Full Name | Preferred Name | SID |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| A | Keenan Lee | Keenan | 480382908 |
| B | Osama Bin Waseem | Osama | 480262105 |
| C | Oscar Gao (Siqi) | Oscar | 480365749 |
| D | Johnny Touch | Johnny | 470378007 |
| E | Tamara de Mel | Tamara | 480439394 |
| F | Chengdong Fu | Peter | 480157421 |

3) **Communication**


| | Name | Email | Phone |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| A | Keenan Lee | keenan1967@outlook.com | 0468 897 010 |
| B | Osama Bin Waseem | obin7252@uni.sydney.edu.au | 0452120090 |
| C | Oscar Gao | sgao0684@uni.sydney.edu.au | 0478658825 |
| D | Johnny Touch | jtou7373@uni.sydney.edu.au | 0450 627 505 |
| E | Tamara de Mel | tade4846@uni.sydney.edu.au | 0412 110 915 |
| F | Chengdong Fu | chfu4196@uni.Sydney.edu.au | 0452390828 |

4) **Role Rotation**

| Week | Tracker | Manager | Customer\* | Programmer | Tester | Doomsayer |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 6-13 | Oscar | Osama | Keenan | Johnny | Peter | Tamara |

\*Customer is responsible for liaising with the client, keeping minutes and summarising meetings with the client and circulating the information to the team (may include client).

5) **Group Goals and Objectives**

_[Teams collective goal(s) and objectives for the unit e.g. obtain a HD, improve communication skills, apply programming skills…etc.]_

- _Create a functional project_
- _Become acquainted to the software development process_
- _Work together in a team_
- _Learn professional skills and methods_
- _Apply programming skills learnt at uni to real-life projects_

**In the following sections, all group members should agree on the undertakings and how exactly they are to be achieved, before the item is ticked. Undertakings can be reworded if desired.**

6) **Role Handovers**

- We agree to take adequate time to hand over our roles at the end of each week

_How exactly will this be done?_

_N/A. Roles are permanent for the rest of the semester_

7) **Attendance**

- We agree to attend all group (and client) meetings punctually and any extra scheduled meetings as necessary

Please indicate meeting times (2 per week, 1 in tutorial and 1 other. Also indicate a backup meeting time)

| Name | Day &amp; Time | Duration | Frequency | Mode |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Tutorial | Tuesday, 1PM | 2 hours | Weekly | Online |
| Other (First Preference) | Tuesday 6:45pm, Sunday 4:15 pm. | 1-2 hours | Weekly | Online |
| Other (Back-up) | Weekends | 1-2 hours | As needed | Online |

8) **Record Keeping**

- The acting Manager will post and maintain all information promptly on Wiki.

_What sort of information will the Manager be responsible for exactly?_

_Meeting minutes, weekly group report, summarise progress for the tutor._

_( To clarify, the Manager would double check all information posted, but the committing itself may be whoever copy pasted he information from Google Docs)_

9) **Participation and Commitment**

- We undertake to participate fully and work as a team

_What does this mean?_

_Ensure everyone understands the progress/work being done and that everyone is contributing equally._

_How will you demonstrate that this is taking place? E.g. meeting deadlines, completing your allocated tasks on time_

_By writing down all of the activities each individual completed, and comparing it to the pre-established roles, as well as what tasks were assigned to different individuals (e.g. via the Issue Tracker in Bitbucket)._

10) **Group Conflict**

- We will discuss any problems, listen carefully to all points of view and negotiate a solution.

_Where will such decisions be recorded?_

_On the Bitbucket Repo; Wiki page under a separate directory._

_How will you demonstrate agreement?_

_Either by conducting a poll in which all group members participate or through a written agreement and getting all members to sign it._

_When will you escalate conflict to your tutor?_

_During the group meeting with the tutor, or via email if it is urgent._

11) **Presentation Rehearsal**

- We will ensure that each group member is ready for the Group Demo Rehearsal

_How?_

_By discussing the tasks completed by each member each week, and assigning parts of the Demo to the members responsible for it._

_Provide details of when and where this rehearsal might take place. (Date and Location)_

_Online through a Zoom meeting during the mid semester break of 05/10/2020 - 11/10/2020_

12) **Task Allocation**

- We will distribute the work fairly and equitably

How will you do this?

By creating issues on the Bitbucket issue tracker and assigning all members with issues equally.

Specifically, who will do what aspects of the task? E.g. draft, proof…etc.

Depending on week

13) **Deliverables**

_Project or UOS deliverables you will deliver as a team throughout the semester_

| Deliverable | Due Date |
| --- | --- |
| Integration of OpenCv code into simulator | Week 13 |
| Improvements to the Donkey Car simulator | Week 13 |
| New traffic signs modelled | Week 6 |
| Jupyter Notebooks | Week 13 |
| Improvements to the OpenCv code | Week 13 |

14) **Specific Team Rules**

_The following two are compulsory_

- Each team member must enter 1 tickets per week from week 2
- Each team member must inform other members immediately if s/he has to withdraw from the group

_From the following list as a team identify which rules are useful and remove those that are not. Other than the mentioned your team should formulate_ _ **3 or more rules** _ _specific to your team and your teams&#39; expectations._

- Each team member must read the wiki daily and post a response
- A team member must notify the rest of the team if dissatisfied with progress
- A team member must notify the rest of the team if a task they are working on will be late
- Each member must contribute to the resolution of issues affecting the team when raised on wiki
- We must commit changes to our code as soon as it is working
- We should try to do numerous pair programming sessions to improve code quality
- We should regularly review our work with the client.

15) **Tools and Resources**

_Tools and Resources and their use in the Teams project work_

| Tool/Resource | Use |
| --- | --- |
| BitBucket | Source control and documentation |
| Slack | Communication |
| Zoom | Meetings |
| Google Docs | Collaborative writing |

16) **Agreement**

_By signing the document, you agree to the above as identified by your team_


![Screen Shot 2020-10-03 at 6.50.04 pm.png](https://bitbucket.org/repo/oo8byMk/images/644340009-Screen%20Shot%202020-10-03%20at%206.50.04%20pm.png)

17) **Roles and Strengths**


![Screen Shot 2020-10-03 at 6.50.12 pm.png](https://bitbucket.org/repo/oo8byMk/images/3692730402-Screen%20Shot%202020-10-03%20at%206.50.12%20pm.png)
![Screen Shot 2020-10-03 at 6.50.19 pm.png](https://bitbucket.org/repo/oo8byMk/images/809598962-Screen%20Shot%202020-10-03%20at%206.50.19%20pm.png)

| COMP3888\_T13A\_GROUP5 | 29 SEPTEMBER 2020 | 0 |