## Second client meeting + client deployment week 7

**Subject**: week 7 second client meeting + client deployment  
**Project Name**: Implement a traffic sign detection algorithm using tensorflow  
**Facilitator**: Cian (Client)  
**Prepared by**: Robert  
**Mode**: Zoom  
**Date**: Friday 16/10/2020  
**Time**: 17:25 - 18:10  
**Attendees**: Yuanda, Robert, Nicole, Hao, Peter, Yiran, Cian (Client)  
**Absent**: None

---

| #    | Agenda Item              | Description/Comments                                         | Decision/Action                                              | Who?                                                         | Items for escalation |
| ---- | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------- |
| 1    | What has been completed? | We did our first client deployment with Cian                 | n/a                                                          | n/a                                                          | n/a                  |
| 2    | What is in progress?     | `1. - Our new approach for sign detection, we want to isolate the signs from the pictures first then classify them for better accuracy and training` `2. - We are building the new race tracks specified in the new scope information` `3. Start implementing openCV sign feature as requested by the client` | `1. - Try different methods and discuss within the group, collect data` `2. - Keep researching about the tracks and car models` | `1. - Everyone` `2. - Peter, Nicole, Robert` `3.Yuanda,Yiran` | n/a                  |
| 3   | What needs improvement?                             |    the self-driving model needs improvement, the model needs to learn signs more accurately  | Try different methods and discuss within the group | Yuanda, Yiran, Hao                  |n/a
| 4   | Reminders                                           | exchange data with other groups once it's available, learn about other group's work and progress                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | n/a                                | everyone     | n/a                  |
| 5   | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | New tracks are built with more objects and more completed | Discuss what the current issues are in the tracks or objects               | Peter, Nicole, Robert     | n/a                  |