MeetingMinutes_Week6_Client1

**Subject**: week 6 first client meeting  
**Project Name**: Implement a traffic sign detection algorithm using tensorflow  
**Facilitator**: Cian (Client)  
**Prepared by**: Robert  
**Mode**: Zoom  
**Date**: Monday 28/09/2020  
**Time**: 17:15 - 17:30  
**Attendees**: Robert, Yuanda, Nicole, Hao, Peter, Yiran, Cian (Client)  
**Absent**: none

--- 

| #   | Agenda Item                                         | Description/Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Decision/Action                                                   | Who?         | Items for escalation |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------------------- |
| 1   | What has been completed?                            | Our tasks assigned on last week's meeting are completed except leaderboard, and we demonstrated our work through our progress and donkey car videos                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | n/a                                                               | n/a          | n/a                  |
| 2   | What is in progress?                                | `1. - We still can't make the remote donkeycar server available within our group, although the remote server succeeded on Cian's side.` `2. - We are trying to make the donkeycar able to stop when it sees a stop sign`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Ask any questions related on discord and discuss within our group                              | everyone     | n/a                  |
| 3   | What needs improvement?                             | Our track needs to have more signs for the donkeycar to train                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Gather more sign data and train the model | Everyone | n/a                  |
| 4   | Reminders                                           | Cian: We should not worry about leaderboard at the moment, instead we should focus on the first group report and demo video due on Sunday, review and discuss the report description during tomorrow's tutorial meeting                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Discuss and complete task division by tomorrow                                | everyone     | n/a                  |
| 5   | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | `1. - Our group report should have some content`   `2. Improve donkeycar sign detection with more data` | We separate these tasks on tomorrow's team meeting               | everyone     | n/a                  |