## week 10 second client meeting

**Subject**: week 10 group meeting  
**Project Name**: Implement a traffic sign detection algorithm using tensorflow  
**Facilitator**: Cian (Client) 
**Prepared by**: Robert  
**Mode**: Zoom  
**Date**: Friday 06/11/2020  
**Time**: 20:00 - 20:40  
**Attendees**: Cian, Peter, Nicole, Yuanda, Robert, Hao, Yiran  
**Absent**: None

--- 

| #   | Agenda Item                                         | Description/Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Decision/Action                                                   | Who?         | Items for escalation |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------------------- |
| 1   | What has been completed?                            | `1. - Our bitbucket pipeline is functioning` `2. - We now have bounding boxes on the extracted images when running the simulator` `3. - We have a lake on Melbourne track`| n/a                                                               | n/a          | n/a                  |
| 2   | What is in progress?                                | We are improving the bounding box region                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Ask questions on discord or group chat                              |  Hao, Yiran, Yuanda     | n/a                  |
| 3   | What needs improvement?                             |    We need to improve our accuracy on the Shenzhen track  | Improve the classifier | Yiran, Yuanda, Hao                  |n/a
| 4   | Reminders                                           | We need to start thinking about the final report, demo video and client deployment                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | check canvas                               | Everyone     | n/a                  |
| 5   | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | `Resolve the testing frame dependencies with pytest for our sign detection code| as described               | Everyone    | n/a                  |