## week 11 first client meeting

**Subject**: week 11 group meeting  
**Project Name**: Implement a traffic sign detection algorithm using tensorflow  
**Facilitator**: Cian (Client) 
**Prepared by**: Robert  
**Mode**: Discord  
**Date**: Monday 09/11/2020  
**Time**: 17:15 - 20:40  
**Attendees**: Cian, Peter, Nicole, Yuanda, Robert, Hao, Yiran  
**Absent**: None

--- 

| #   | Agenda Item                                         | Description/Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Decision/Action                                                   | Who?         | Items for escalation |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------------------- |
| 1   | What has been completed?                            | `1. - We have a start gate for Melbourne and Shanghai tracks` `2. - We improved our accuracy on the blue turning signs by combining two blue filters` `3. - We finished the documentation for the F1 tracks`| n/a                                                               | n/a          | n/a                  |
| 2   | What is in progress?                                | We are improving the sign detection with opencv code                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Ask questions on discord or group chat                              |  Hao, Yiran, Yuanda     | n/a                  |
| 3   | What needs improvement?                             |    We need to improve our accuracy on the Shenzhen track  | Improve the classifier | Yiran, Yuanda, Hao                  |n/a
| 4   | Reminders                                           | `1. - We maybe need to give the F1 tracks elevations, depending how difficult it will be` `2. - Further client meetings will be on Discord`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | start consider it                               | `1. - Peter, Nicole, Robert` `2. - Everyone`     | n/a                  |
| 5   | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | `Resolve the testing frame dependencies with pytest for our sign detection code| as described               | Everyone    | n/a                  |