## week 10 first client meeting

**Subject**: week 10 first client meeting  
**Project Name**: Implement a traffic sign detection algorithm using tensorflow  
**Facilitator**: Cian (Client) 
**Prepared by**: Robert  
**Mode**: Zoom  
**Date**: Monday 02/11/2020  
**Time**: 17:15 - 17:40  
**Attendees**: Cian, Peter, Nicole, Yuanda, Robert, Hao, Yiran  
**Absent**: None

--- 

| #   | Agenda Item                                         | Description/Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Decision/Action                                                   | Who?         | Items for escalation |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------------------- |
| 1   | What has been completed?                            | `1. - We finished classifying the Shenzhen track images` `We have stadiums on the F1 tracks` | n/a                                                               | n/a          | n/a                  |
| 2   | What is in progress?                                | We are working on training with the Shenzhen track images                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Ask questions on discord or group chat                              |  Yiran, Yuanda, Hao     | n/a                  |
| 3   | What needs improvement?                             |    We need to improve our accuracy on the Shenzhen track  | Improve the classifier | Yiran, Yuanda, Hao                  |n/a
| 4   | Reminders                                           | Change to new donkeycar v4.0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | n/a                                | everyone     | n/a                  |
| 5   | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | `1. - Train and test the model with Shenzhen track images` `2. - put a lake on the Melbourne track` `3. write documentation for track and track objects`| as described               | `1. - Yuanda, Yiran, Hao` `2. - Peter, Nicole, Robert` `3. - Peter, Nicole, Robert`    | n/a                  |