**Subject**: mid sem break first client meeting  
**Project Name**: Implement a traffic sign detection algorithm using tensorflow  
**Facilitator**: Cian (Client)  
**Prepared by**: Robert  
**Mode**: Zoom  
**Date**: Monday 05/10/2020  
**Time**: 17:23 - 17:50  
**Attendees**: Robert, Nicole, Hao, Peter, Yiran, Cian (Client)  
**Absent**: Yuanda

--- 

| #   | Agenda Item                                         | Description/Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Decision/Action                                                   | Who?         | Items for escalation |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------------------- |
| 1   | What has been completed?                            | We finished our demo video and group report on Weekend                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | n/a                                                               | n/a          | n/a                  |
| 2   | What is in progress?                                | our traffic light detection algorithm is not done yet                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |  keep working on traffic light detection                             | Everyone     | n/a                  |
| 3   | What needs improvement?                             |    our track needs more coloured signs                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | add more colour signs to the track  | Everyone | n/a                  |
| 4   | Reminders                                           | `1. - update our simulator to the newest version (v4)` `2. - make sure our tensorflow is in version 2.3 such that it is compatible with the simulator` `3. - Read the document about further scope information` `4. - We need to build track 9 and 10 described in the new document, with correct scaling of the map and car` `5. - We need to demo to the client our previous work on the next meeting`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Start working on it                                | everyone     | n/a                  |
| 5   | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | `1. - Understand how to scale the track correctly by communicating with CP31 teams`   `2. Do research on how the track looks so we can draw it correctly` | We separate these tasks on tomorrow's team meeting               | everyone     | n/a                  |