## Week 6 group meeting

**Subject**: week 6 group meeting  
**Project Name**: Implement a traffic sign detection algorithm using tensorflow  
**Facilitator**: Robert  
**Prepared by**: Robert  
**Mode**: Zoom  
**Date**: Tuesday 29/09/2020  
**Time**: 17:05 - 19:25  
**Attendees**: Robert, Yuanda, Nicole, Hao, Peter, Yiran 
**Absent**: none

--- 

| #   | Agenda Item                                         | Description/Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Decision/Action                                                   | Who?         | Items for escalation |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------------------- |
| 1   | What has been completed?                            | `1. We finished building another track in the simulator, and made the sign detection possible within the simulator last sprint` `2. We finished assigning different report sections every team member` `3. We discussed about the report and demo requirements and have a better understanding now:` `- the demo video needs to have an overview of what we have in the report, plus the demonstrations of what we have achieved during the previous weeks, we plan to start this after we finished the report` `- We have to include the report on wiki so we decided to convert it to md later when we finished it`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | n/a                                                               | n/a          | n/a                  |
| 2   | What is in progress?                                | `1. - We still can't make the remote donkeycar server available within our group, although the remote server succeeded on Cian's side.` `2. - We are trying to make the donkeycar able to stop when it sees a stop sign` `3. - Our report writing has just started`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Ask any questions related on discord or Ed and discuss within our group                              | everyone     | n/a                  |
| 3   | What needs improvement?                             | `1. - The donkeycar needs more data from the track to train`  `2. - Everyone needs to commit to the repository to contribute to the project`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Drive the donkeycar more to record more data | `1. Everyone` `2. Robert, Hao, Nicole` | n/a                  |
| 4   | Reminders                                           | Group report, individual report and demo video all due on this Sunday!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Start ASAP                                | everyone     | n/a                  |
| 5   | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | `We should have some part of the report written and improve the model:` `Robert, Hao - quality of group process` `Peter, Nicole - System Specification`  `Yuanda, Yiran - quality of work`  `Hao - Introduction` `improve the model to let the car stop - Yiran, Yuanda` | Start writing the report ASAP using google docs and try to finish it by Saturday so we have more time for the demo video               | everyone     | n/a                  |