**Subject**: week 5 team meeting  
**Project Name**: Implement a traffic sign detection algorithm using tensorflow  
**Facilitator**: Robert  
**Prepared by**: Robert  
**Mode**: Zoom  
**Date**: Tuesday 22/09/2020  
**Time**: 17:10 - 18:50  
**Attendees**: Robert, Yuanda, Nicole, Hao, Peter, Yiran  
**Absent**: none

-----

| #   | Agenda Item                                         | Description/Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Decision/Action                                                   | Who?         | Items for escalation |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------------------- |
| 1   | What has been completed?                            | `1. We completed assigning the tasks this week to team members` `2. We decided our roles reallocation for wk5 onward`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | `1.` `- one student handles simulator with Unity, and teach others how to use it (Nicole, Peter)` `- start looking at the document given by Cian and know how to add custom signs into the simulator` `- Setup leaderboard (Virtual race), aim is speed up, someone shall focus on (Robert, Yiran)` `- Increase resolution of myconfig.py, and see if the new outputed images can imporve model (Yiran)` `- Get TF model can run on simulator, and teach others (Yuanda, Hao)` `- Colab document writing and teach group members to use it. (Yuanda)` `- Improve TF sign classification model (Yiran, Hao)`    `2.  `   `Robert - manager`  `Hao - Tracker`                                                       | everyone          | n/a                  |
| 2   | What is in progress?                                | we are learning the code about the sandbox simulator to train a self-driving car given by Cian on discord            | Ask any questions related on discord                              | everyone     | n/a                  |
| 3   | What needs improvement?                             | Our wiki page needs to be clean and concise for the tutor/client to read (every document should have a link on homepage) and our documents need to be uploaded quickly                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Team manager / wiki updater need to focus on wiki more frequently | Robert, Yiran | n/a                  |
| 4   | Reminders                                           | `- Need to put scope statement on wiki ASAP` `- Demo video, individual and group reports due on 04/10/2020`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | n/a                                | everyone     | n/a                  |
| 5   | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | `1. Complete a part of our assigned tasks before Friday's client meeting` `2. Ask Cian about how will deployment be achieved` `3. Sort out wiki and put previous meeting minutes on it in markdown format`  | n/a               | everyone     | n/a                  |