## week 11 second client meeting

**Subject**: week 11 group meeting  
**Project Name**: Implement a traffic sign detection algorithm using tensorflow  
**Facilitator**: Cian (Client) 
**Prepared by**: Robert  
**Mode**: Discord  
**Date**: Friday 13/11/2020  
**Time**: 20:00 - 20:20  
**Attendees**: Cian, Peter, Nicole, Yuanda, Robert, Hao, Yiran  
**Absent**: None

--- 

| #   | Agenda Item                                         | Description/Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Decision/Action                                                   | Who?         | Items for escalation |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------------------- |
| 1   | What has been completed?                            | `1. - We found out about the elevations of the F1 tracks and they are all basically flat, so we don't need to implement the elevations` `2. - We have tested our detection on the F1 tracks with some signs added` | n/a                                                               | n/a          | n/a                  |
| 2   | What is in progress?                                | We are resolving the pytest dependency issue                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Ask questions on discord or group chat                              |  Everyone     | n/a                  |
| 3   | What needs improvement?                             |    We need to improve our accuracy on the F1 tracks  | Improve the classifier | Yiran, Yuanda, Hao                  |n/a
| 4   | Reminders                                           | `1. - The client deployment date is changed to 29/11/2020 during stuvac` `2. - Demo video and 360 review due next Friday`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | start consider it                               | `1. - Everyone` `2. - Everyone`     | n/a                  |
| 5   | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | `Resolve the testing frame dependencies with pytest for our sign detection code | as described               | Everyone    | n/a                  |