**Subject**: week 4 meeting with group Tuesday

**Project Name**:Implement Sign Detection using TensorFlow

**Facilitator**: Tutor (Frank)  

**Prepared by**: Mouyi Xu  

**Mode**: Zoom  

**Date**: Tuesday 15/09/2020  

**Time**: 17:00 - 19:00  

**Attendees**: Robert, Yuanda, Nicole, Hao, Peter, Yiran  

**Absent**: none

-----

| #   | Agenda Item                                         | Description/Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Decision/Action                                                   | Who?         | Items for escalation |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------------------- |
| 1   | What has been completed?                            | `We had two meetings with our new clients.`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | `Install and set up the environment.  `                                                      | everyone          | N/A                  |
| 2   | What is in progress?                                | `- Install and set up the environment` `- Breakdown our works into different parts`    | `- Set up and try openCV. Train and test the Donkeycar.` `- Divide individual work.`                             | N/A    |  N/A                  |
| 3   | What needs improvement?                             | nothing | N/A | N/A | N/A                  |
| 4   | Reminders                                           | N/A                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | N/A                                | N/A     | N/A                  |
| 5   | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | `- Complete the scope statement` `- Practice on tensorflow image classification` `- Write user stories` `- Upload Youtube Video` `- Update Wiki pages`  | `- Rewrite the scopes and requirements from the Client.` `- Everyone should try to train a classifier to detect Stop Sign.` `- Everyone should write 2-3 user stories` `- Everyone should uploaded a 1-minute youtube video to describe our work and upload to Wiki` `- Update our own Wiki Page. Setup homepage and other wiki pages.`              | everyone     | N/A                  |