**Subject**: week 5 first client meeting  
**Project Name**: Implement a traffic sign detection algorithm using tensorflow  
**Facilitator**: Cian (Client)  
**Prepared by**: Robert  
**Mode**: Zoom  
**Date**: Monday 21/09/2020  
**Time**: 17:15 - 17:41  
**Attendees**: Robert, Yuanda, Nicole, Hao, Peter, Yiran, Cian (Client)  
**Absent**: none

--- 

| #   | Agenda Item                                         | Description/Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Decision/Action                                                   | Who?         | Items for escalation |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------------------- |
| 1   | What has been completed?                            | Our tasks assigned on last week's meeting are completed, and we demonstrated our work through our progress and donkey car videos                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | n/a                                                               | n/a          | n/a                  |
| 2   | What is in progress?                                | We are still learning the details about tensorflow image classification code on the tutorial given by the client, especially the CNN                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Ask any questions related on discord                              | everyone     | n/a                  |
| 3   | What needs improvement?                             | Our wiki page needs to be clean and concise for the tutor/client to read and our documents need to be uploaded quickly                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Team manager / wiki updater need to focus on wiki more frequently | Robert,Yiran | n/a                  |
| 4   | Reminders                                           | Need to finish dividing the task on tomorrow's team meeting                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Complete task division by tomorrow                                | everyone     | n/a                  |
| 5   | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | `1. - one student handles simulator with Unity, and teach others how to use it`  `-- Start looking at the pdf and sandbox github document given by cian and know how to add custom signs into the simulator map (must be done in week 5)` `2. Setup leaderboard (Virtual race), aim is speed up, someone shall focus on` `3. Increase resolution of myconfig.py, and see if the new outputed images can imporve model` `4. Get TF model can run on simulator, and teach others` `5. Colab document writing and teach group members to use it.` `6. Improve TF sign classification model` `7. Improve wiki home page and update week5 wiki page based on tutor's feedback` | We separate these tasks on tomorrow's team meeting               | everyone     | n/a                  |