## Week 6 second client meeting

**Subject**: week 6 2nd client meeting  
**Project Name**: Implement a traffic sign detection algorithm using tensorflow  
**Facilitator**: Cian
**Prepared by**: Robert  
**Mode**: Zoom  
**Date**: Tuesday 02/10/2020  
**Time**: 18:30 - 18:40  
**Attendees**: Cian, Yuanda, Hao, Peter, Yiran 
**Absent**: Robert, Nicole

--- 

| #   | Agenda Item                                         | Description/Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Decision/Action                                                   | Who?         | Items for escalation |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------------------- |
| 1   | What has been completed?                            | `1. The donkeycar is trained with more classified track images` `2. We started writing the group report`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | n/a                                                               | n/a          | n/a                  |
| 2   | What is in progress?                                | `1. - Peter: The simulator still has error messages in the bottom left corner when started, this occurred in more than one group member's machine` `- Cian: no clue at the moment , but will start looking at this issue during the break` `2. - Cian: asked how our report is going and offered help with our report writing progress if we need any`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Ask any questions related on discord or Ed and discuss within our group                              | everyone     | n/a                  |
| 3   | What needs improvement?                             | `1. - The issue that Peter raised needs to be solved`  `2. - We need to keep working on our report and demo video because they are due Sunday night`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Keep focusing on the report | Everyone | n/a                  |
| 4   | Reminders                                           | Don't forget we still have individual report and 360 team review due on Sunday too!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | start ASAP                                | everyone     | n/a                  |
| 5   | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | `1. We should finished and submitted the group report and demo video`  `2. We should have thoughts on how to prepare the client deployment demo` | Check canvas description of the client deployment               | everyone     | n/a                  |