## week 8 second client meeting

**Subject**: week 8 second client meeting  
**Project Name**: Implement a traffic sign detection algorithm using tensorflow  
**Facilitator**: Cian (client)  
**Prepared by**: Robert  
**Mode**: Zoom  
**Date**: Friday 23/10/2020  
**Time**: 20:00 - 20:40  
**Attendees**: Cian, Yuanda, Robert, Nicole, Hao, Peter, Yiran  
**Absent**: None

--- 

| #   | Agenda Item                                         | Description/Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Decision/Action                                                   | Who?         | Items for escalation |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------------------- |
| 1   | What has been completed?                            | `1. - We fixed the repo size issue and moved the simulator stuff to github` `2. - We understood how the other team's code about sign extraction works with the help of Cian`   | n/a                                                               | n/a          | n/a                  |
| 2   | What is in progress?                                | `1. - Our Mel and SH tracks are being built, basic track shapes are done` `2. - We are researching about new sign classification approach`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `1. - Keep working on it with attention paid to the details` `2. - Ask questions on discord`                              | `1. - Peter, Nicole, Robert` `2. - Yiran, Yuanda, Hao`     | n/a                  |
| 3   | What needs improvement?                             |    Our track's turning corner needs to be more robust  | hotfix_draw_track | Peter, Nicole, Robert                  |n/a
| 4   | Reminders                                           | Change to new donkeycar                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | n/a                                | everyone     | n/a                  |
| 5   | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | Develop and test new sign classification approach | as described               | Yuanda, Yiran, Hao     | n/a                  |