## week 8 client meeting 1

**Subject**: week 8 client meeting 1  
**Project Name**: Implement a traffic sign detection algorithm using tensorflow  
**Facilitator**: Cian (Client)  
**Prepared by**: Robert  
**Mode**: Zoom  
**Date**: Friday 19/10/2020  
**Time**: 18:45 - 19:20  
**Attendees**: Yuanda, Robert, Nicole, Hao, Peter, Yiran, Cian (Client)  
**Absent**: None

--- 

| #   | Agenda Item                                         | Description/Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Decision/Action                                                   | Who?         | Items for escalation |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------------------- |
| 1   | What has been completed?                            | `1. - We did our first client deployment with Cian` `2. - we exchanged issues and information with other groups`   | n/a                                                               | n/a          | n/a                  |
| 2   | What is in progress?                                | `1. - Our new approach for sign detection, we want to isolate the signs from the pictures first then classify them for better accuracy and training` `2. - We are building the new race tracks specified in the new scope information`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `1. - Try different methods and discuss within the group, collect data` `2. - Keep researching about the tracks and car models`                              | `1. - Everyone` `2. - Peter, Nicole, Robert`     | n/a                  |
| 3   | What needs improvement?                             |    `1. - the self-driving model needs improvement, the model needs to learn signs more accurately` `2. - our repository exceeds 2 GB on bitbucket, we need to clean it up`  | `1. - Try different methods and discuss within the group` `2. Discuss and solve this issue within the group tomorrow`| `1. - Yuanda, Yiran, Hao` `2. - Everyone`                  |n/a
| 4   | Reminders                                           | `1. - exchange data with other groups using the shared server (check tensorflow channel on discord), learn about other group's work and progress` `2. - Our marks for first cycle are released, review what marks we lost`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | n/a                                | everyone     | n/a                  |
| 5   | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | New tracks are built with more objects and more completed | Discuss what the current issues are in the tracks or objects               | Peter, Nicole, Robert     | n/a                  |