## week 11 group meeting

**Subject**: week 11 group meeting  
**Project Name**: Implement a traffic sign detection algorithm using tensorflow  
**Facilitator**: Robert 
**Prepared by**: Robert  
**Mode**: Zoom  
**Date**: Tuesday 10/11/2020  
**Time**: 17:05 - 19:00  
**Attendees**: Peter, Nicole, Yuanda, Robert, Hao, Yiran  
**Absent**: None

--- 

| #   | Agenda Item                                         | Description/Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Decision/Action                                                   | Who?         | Items for escalation |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------------------- |
| 1   | What has been completed?                            | `1. - Our tracks are pretty much done` `2. - We are not planning to do the elevation on F1 tracks since it might take a lot of time and we might not be able to finish it on time`| n/a                                                               | n/a          | n/a                  |
| 2   | What is in progress?                                | We are resolving the pytest dependency issue                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Ask questions on discord or group chat                              |  Everyone     | n/a                  |
| 3   | What needs improvement?                             |    We need to improve our accuracy on the Shenzhen track  | Improve the classifier | Yiran, Yuanda, Hao                  |n/a
| 4   | Reminders                                           | `1. - Discuss the elevation issue with client` `2. - Demo video and 360 review due next Friday`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | start consider it                               | `1. - Peter, Nicole, Robert` `2. - Everyone`     | n/a                  |
| 5   | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | `Resolve the testing frame dependencies with pytest for our sign detection code | as described               | Everyone    | n/a                  |