## week 12 first client meeting

**Subject**: week 12 first client meeting  
**Project Name**: Implement a traffic sign detection algorithm using tensorflow  
**Facilitator**: Cian (Client) 
**Prepared by**: Robert  
**Mode**: Discord  
**Date**: Monday 16/11/2020  
**Time**: 17:17 - 17:45  
**Attendees**: Cian, Peter, Nicole, Yuanda, Robert, Hao, Yiran  
**Absent**: None

--- 

| #   | Agenda Item                                         | Description/Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Decision/Action                                                   | Who?         | Items for escalation |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------------------- |
| 1   | What has been completed?                            | `1. - We have functioning testing pipelines on bitbucket for our sign detection code` `2. - We have tested our detection on the F1 tracks with some signs added, our model now has some generalisation against different track environments` | n/a                                                               | n/a          | n/a                  |
| 2   | What is in progress?                                | We are trying to improve our model accuracy on the F1 tracks                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Ask questions on discord or group chat                              |  Yiran, Hao, Yuanda     | n/a                  |
| 3   | What needs improvement?                             |    We can improve our group report this time with feedback from last report  | as described | Everyone                 |n/a
| 4   | Reminders                                           | `1. - The client deployment date is on Thursday 26/11/2020 during stuvac` `2. - Demo video and 360 review due next Friday` `3. - Please read the client deployment email Cian sent carefully` `4. - Start prepare for the demo video which is due this Friday`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | start consider them                               | all: Everyone     | n/a                  |
| 5   | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | The demo video + presentation slides | as described               | Everyone    | n/a                  |