## Group meeting week 7

**Subject**: week 7 group meeting  
**Project Name**: Implement a traffic sign detection algorithm using tensorflow  
**Facilitator**: Robert  
**Prepared by**: Robert  
**Mode**: Zoom  
**Date**: Tuesday 13/10/2020  
**Time**: 17:05 - 19:00  
**Attendees**: Yuanda, Robert, Nicole, Hao, Peter, Yiran  
**Absent**: None

--- 

| #   | Agenda Item                                         | Description/Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Decision/Action                                                   | Who?         | Items for escalation |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------------------- |
| 1   | What has been completed?                            | We enhances our track with more coloured signs                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | n/a                                                               | n/a          | n/a                  |
| 2   | What is in progress?                                | Our model thus needs more new sign images for training                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |  drive around and collect new images, and classify them                             | Robert, Hao     | n/a                  |
| 3   | What needs improvement?                             |    we need another track with less sign density for self-drive training  | Peter, Nicole | n/a                  |
| 4   | Reminders                                           | `1. - update our simulator to the newest version (v4)` `2. - Prepare the slides and setup documentation for Friday's client deployment` `3. - Read the document about further scope information` `4. - We need to build track 9 and 10 described in the new document, with correct scaling of the map and car` `5. - Prepare the model for self-driving, sign detection and the rmracer folder and simulator exe`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Start working on it                                | everyone     | n/a                  |
| 5   | What needs to be completed before the next meeting? | `1. - Prepare the new simulator, models, documentation and slides that the client needed for deployment`   `2. Do research on how the track looks so we can draw it correctly` | update the new track and collect images to train the self-driving model               | everyone     | n/a                  |