***Subject:*** Team Meeting

***Project Name:*** CP31-Implementing Computer Vision

***Mode:*** Discord Call

***Date:*** Thursday 29th October

***Time:*** 10:00 am - 12:00 pm

***Attendees:*** Patrick, Joseph, Julian, Jordan, Kevin, Winson

***Absent:*** 

|#|Agenda Item |Description/Comments|Decision/Action|Who?|Items for escalation|
|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|1|What has been completed?|Report framework has been built|Keep working on individual parts for next client deployment|All|N/A|
|2|What is in progress?|Fleshing out  report framework, finishing Hockenheim F1 track, getting circle sign detection working in sim, making arrow turn sign more reliable, making test data for client|N/A|N/A|Testing file for client|
|3|What is working well?| Understanding priorities of what to complete and what we dont have time to complete | Communicate this to the client |All|Weekly plan|
|4|What needs improvement? |Unsure if we will have time to finish both F1 tracks, reliability of sign detection, advanced sign responses|Figure out what we will have time to do and what we wont have time for|All|N/A|
|5|Reminders|Final video due in 10 days|Balance report/presentation with work due for client|All|Confirm with Cian about repo size as well as getting speed |
|6|What needs to be completed before the next meeting?|Continue peer programming and quality checking eachothers code|N/A|N/A|Confirm with Cian issues with only building one F1 track and issues with having traffic light detection work in sim|