***Subject:*** Client Meeting

***Project Name:*** CP31-Implementing Computer Vision

***Mode:*** Zoom Call

***Date:*** Monday 5th October

***Time:*** 4:55 pm - 5:15 pm

***Attendees:*** Patrick, Joseph, Julian, Winson

***Absent:*** Kevin, Jordan


|#|Agenda Item |Description/Comments|Decision/Action|Who?|Items for escalation|
|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|1|What has been completed?|Finish the report, contribution statements and presentation/demo. Go over checklist with client with regards to progress of report. Go over the changes in spec document and tracklist|Keep the 1:10 scale of the tracks; essentially the track needs to meet the same size as the car as to not appear ridiculous|All|N/A|
|2|What is in progress?|Improvement of the detection algorithm, installation and implementation of the new Donkeycar version|Keep everyone up to date with their progress so that we can move people around accordingly and fix issues and problems as they arise|All|N/A|
|3|What is working well?|More define roles within the group; more responsibility|Everyone now has cemented roles in the team with regards to group processes|All|Everyone needs to maintain their role and adhere to the responsibilities associated with those roles.|
|4|What needs improvement? |Detection improvement on all signs and implement detection on some of the different colour. Modelling of the two new car models and implementing a new user interface for ease of changing of the car model. Also begin work on the new maps.|Split up the work amongst the opencv team and improve the accuracy on all fronts as well as the implemention of actions|All|The communication within the team has begun to falter and we need to make sure we keep it up|
|5|Reminders|For future indiviudal report when showing evidence of communication keep a communication log of all the meetings that takes place. Waiting on a side profile view of the RM Racer car model. Implement the new version of donkeycar (V4)|In the event that there are issues with implementing the donkeycar version, report it to the offical github|N/A|N/A|
|6|What needs to be completed before the next meeting?|Implement a new straight line testing track with all the signs and variations, decide how to organise the teams with the new scope document, develop more test cases and refine the detection code|Decision/Action|All|In the event of someone being required to move over to the simulation team we will all communicate and decide as a team; the current split is 2:4|