***Subject:*** Client Meeting

***Project Name:*** CP31-Implementing Computer Vision

***Mode:*** Zoom Call

***Date:*** Monday 12th October

***Time:*** 4:50 pm - 5:30 pm

***Attendees:*** Patrick, Jordan, Joseph, Winson, Julian

***Absent:*** Kevin


|#|Agenda Item |Description/Comments|Decision/Action|Who?|Items for escalation|
|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|1|What has been completed?|Went over the changes made by Maxime with respect to the control of the brake -- Went over clarification of what needs to be done in the client deployment -- Discussed the requirements for our Venture cafe meeting (very informal)|Prepare a brief demo for the venture cafe people. Implement the new changes made by Maxime in donkey gym|All|Continue looking into if speed is able to obtained from the web portal packets.|
|2|What is in progress?|Implementation of the additional tracks in the unity environment </li><li>The research of figuring out how to implement breaking and speed thereby making the sign detection actions easier to implement|Continue with the current strategy of finishing off the project (split into teams and work  through each of the sign detection and track implementation in a modular fashion)|All|The implementation of the UI which was being researched is now being pushed back as it is not a priority|
|3|What is working well?|Simulator progress is in a great spot -- Currently have quite a good split of the work between teams|N/A|N/A|N/A|
|4|What needs improvement? |Currently we are quite close to finishing off all signs and this ideally needs to be finished before demo|All members in the OpenCV team have been given their tasks which need to be completed in the week via Trello|All|N/A|
|5|Reminders|Venture cafe this Thursday, all members should be in attendance -- Demo deployment this week with the client in which we need to go over what specs we have met and what needs to be done before the end of semester -- New cards have been added to Trello referencing all the work that needs to be done|Follow up on the tasks assigned on Bitbucket and continue to communicate issues and successes with the project|All|N/A|
|6|What needs to be completed before the next meeting?|Completion of the demo guidelines and preparation of the associated documentation -- The goal is the implement the demo using the autodrive on the first track and then demo sign detection in our testing environment with all signs|An additional meeting on Wednesday in order to organize these two things. Additionally, the meeting on Thursday is to cement what needs to be done in the demo|All|If possible the signal detection also needs to be completed by the time the live demo comes around|