***Subject:*** Team Meeting

***Project Name:*** CP31-Implementing Computer Vision

***Mode:*** Discord Call

***Date:*** Thursday 17th September 

***Time:*** 10:00 am - 12:00 pm

***Attendees:*** Julian, Winson, Joseph, Patrick, Kevin, Jordan

***Absent:*** 


|     #    |     Agenda Item                                             |     Description/   Comments                                                                                                 |     Decision/Action                                                                        |     Who?        |     Items for   escalation                 |
|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------|--------------------------------------------|
|     1    |     What has been completed?                                |    Maps done in simulation, signs modelled in simulator, improvements made in OpenCV code                       |		Work on getting maps working for all other team members                                                                                            |     Everyone    |                        N/A                    |
|     2    |     What is in progress?                                    |     Getting DonkeyCar running for everyone with new maps, improving edge detection in OpenCV, modelling traffic lights, documentation for unity                                        |     Delegate tasks to team members    |     Everyone    |   Ask how long traffic light needs to be red for, etc                                         |
|     3    |     What is working well?                                   |     We are progressing above expectations on the unity tasks                                                                |     Focus more time on OpenCv once Unity prerequisite are complete                                                                                      |     Everyone    |    Waiting for code for simulator implementation                                        |
|     4    |     What needs improvement?                                 |     Push work in progress to BitBucket, donâ€™t just do work on local machines            |                      N/A                                                                     |     N/A    |                N/A                            |
|     5    |     Reminders                                               |     Do 1 minute progress videos for this week   |         N/A                              |     N/A    | Add Abdallah to Discord channel  |
|     6    |     What needs to be completed before the next meeting?     |     Finish all tasks in progress, make a start on templates for presentation and report                 |               N/A               |     N/A    |    N/A                                       |