***Subject:*** Group Meeting

***Project Name:*** CP31-Implementing Computer Vision

***Mode:*** Discord Call

***Date:*** Thursday 22nd October

***Time:*** 10:00 pm - 10:30 pm

***Attendees:*** Patrick, Joseph, Kevin, Jordan, Winson

***Absent:*** Julian


|#|Agenda Item |Description/Comments|Decision/Action|Who?|Items for escalation|
|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|1|What has been completed?|Changed resolution to 240x240|N/A|N/A|N/A|
|2|What is in progress?|Implementing break for everyone| Everyone get the files from the bitbucket and placed in the individual folders|All|N/A|
|3|What is working well?| Communication | N/A |N/A|N/A|
|4|What needs improvement? |Detection Code and Responses|Fix up false positives|OpenCV team|N/A|
|5|Reminders|Read over the feedback from our assignments|N/A|N/A|N/A|
|6|What needs to be completed before the next meeting?|Improvement to detection & progress on tracks|N/A|N/A|N/A|