# Meeting Minutes 22/10/2020

**Subject:** Client Meeting

**Prepared by:** Jarod R

**Mode:** Zoom

**Date:** 5:00pm Thursday October 22

**Attendees:** Will T, Jarod R, Ben L, Calum B, Zhaobo W, Manfred A

**Absent:**


Notes:

* Final repo
    * Use rmracer as a template to create our own module containing our parts/detection code.
    * Change setup.py to the name of our library and it will link our files
    * rmracer library in #resources channel in slack
* Traffic lights
    * Cian sent us the CP31-17A5 team's traffic light files to include in our simulator
    * Ben got the traffic light to open and change colours in Unity
* Donkeycar 4
    * Cian wants us all to convert to Donkeycar4 over the weekend
