# Meeting Minutes 1/10/2020 #

**Subject:** Week 6 Thursday Client Meeting

**Prepared by:** Jarod R

**Mode:** Zoom

**Date:** 5pm Thursday October 1

**Attendees:** Will T, Jarod R, Ben L

**Absent:** Manfred A,  Calum B, Zhaobo W


Notes:

* More resources for the report should be on our wiki. Cian has provided the wiki from his project on slack for reference. 
* Cian has a repo that we should be starting to add our code to starting next week (github.com/wallarug/dcracer)
* Longer meetings from next week (interactive, try and get come code up and running)
* Rendering server for building our networks: instructions are on discord channel #brut
    * Set up a new folder and a virtual env to run our tensorflow models on
* Client demo/deployment: currently scheduled for next Thursday's meeting (October 8)
    * One person to share screen and show our models detecting signs and the car reacting accordingly