# Meeting Minutes 12/10/2020

**Subject:** Client Meeting with other Tensorflow teams

**Prepared by:** Jarod R

**Mode:** Zoom

**Date:** 6:45pm Monday October 12

**Attendees:** Will T, Jarod R, Ben L, Calum B, Manfred Ai, Zhaobo W

**Absent:**


Notes:

* Sharing data between teams:
    * Calum to set up a server to store and access other team's collected data.
    * Share the information to the #tensorflow channel on discord
* Cian wants us to try to install and run DonkeyCar4 ASAP and report any bugs
    * Use the `dev` branch. `dev4` was merged. 
